DOCS-8686 Workday 12.1  ETA 8/31 (#957)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: workday/12.1/modules/ROOT/pages/workday-connector-troubleshoot.adoc

= Troubleshoot Workday Connector

> 

Reviewer: Are you expecting this topic to gain subtopics over time?
Even if so, consider upleveling the subtopic and subsequent subs:
```suggestion
= Troubleshoot Studio Timeout
```

Reviewer: Note that Mysti and I are working on a Troubleshooting topic template that does not match the one currently on our wiki, which is too complicated. We are debating the need for Cause, and for using subtitles at all.

For example, this topic could begin...:
```suggestion
= Troubleshoot Studio Timeout
```
Due to connectivity issues, you might experience a timeout while obtaining ....
... `at
----`

When one of these errors occurs, follow these steps....

With no subheads. Or, using only Issue/Symptoms/Xxxx for what the user sees or experiences (an error, or a stoppage, for example) and Solution/Corrective Action, with steps.

Something to think about.
I'll copyedit what's here, but I think we can make it more focused.

Author: I actually expect more troubleshooting sections to be added to this topic so leaving this as H2

== Timeout in Studio

> Sometimes, you might experience a timeout in Anypoint Studio while obtaining metadata from Workday Connector.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes you experience a timeout in Anypoint Studio while obtaining metadata from Workday Connector.  
```

=== Cause 

> This can happen due to connectivity issues. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This timeout can happen due to connectivity issues. 
```

=== Symptoms

If you experience a timeout while obtaining metadata from Workday Connector, you get one of the following errors:

[source,text,linenums]
----
org.mule.runtime.api.exception.MuleRuntimeException: Error while retrieving soap client id [Absence_Management]
  org.mule.runtime.api.exception.MuleRuntimeException: Error while retrieving soap client id [Absence_Management]
  Caused by: java.util.concurrent.ExecutionException:
  org.mule.wsdl.parser.exception.WsdlParsingException: Error processing
  WSDL file [https://wd3-impl-services1.workday.com/ccx/service/deakin_amu1/Absence_Management/v29.1?wsdl]:
  Unable to locate document at 'https://wd3-impl-services1.workday.com/ccx/service/deakin_amu1/Absence_Management/v29.1?wsdl&#39;.
----

> Or:

Reviewer: Omit. Intro specifies "one of" and we don't use fragments like this.
```suggestion
```

[source,text,linenums]
----
org.mule.tooling.client.api.exception.TimeoutException: Mule Agent REST service timed out
  org.mule.tooling.client.api.exception.TimeoutException: Mule Agent REST service timed out
  javax.ws.rs.ProcessingException: java.net.SocketTimeoutException: Read timed out
  	at org.glassfish.jersey.client.HttpUrlConnector.apply(HttpUrlConnector.java:244)
  	at org.glassfish.jersey.client.ClientRuntime.invoke(ClientRuntime.java:245)
  	at org.glassfish.jersey.client.JerseyInvocation$1.call(JerseyInvocation.java:671)
  	at org.glassfish.jersey.client.JerseyInvocation$1.call(JerseyInvocation.java:668)
  	at org.glassfish.jersey.internal.Errors.process(Errors.java:315)
  	at org.glassfish.jersey.internal.Errors.process(Errors.java:297)
  	at org.glassfish.jersey.internal.Errors.process(Errors.java:228)
  	at org.glassfish.jersey.process.internal.RequestScope.runInScope(RequestScope.java:444)
  	at org.glassfish.jersey.client.JerseyInvocation.invoke(JerseyInvocation.java:668)
  	at
----

=== Resolution

> When one of these errors occurs, follow these steps to increase the timeout in Anypoint Studio:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When one of these errors occurs, increase timeout values in Anypoint Studio:
```

. In Anypoint Studio, navigate to *Preferences > Anypoint Studio > Tooling*.
. Increase the values to double the default value for `Default Connection Timeout` and `Default Read Timeout`.

> . Click *Apply*, and restart Studio.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click *Apply* and restart Studio.
```
